At first, I was bummed that they could not seat me until my two friends also arrived. However, the waiter was so friendly and attentive, even while I waited for the other members of my party! I sat down on one of the bar stools by the front window, and he brought me a glass of water. I was quite cozy and situated, so the wait did not bother me at all.The great service with a smile continued into dinner, which was delicious!!! We were a table of three, but we ate like a table of five. :PWe started with the Tequenos, which were like mozzarella sticks dipped in ketchup. Cheesy and delicious! My one critique is that the cheese could have been melted more. I love the satisfaction that comes from stretchy cheese in a mozzarella stick!We also shared a Jardinera Arepa. The bread was delicious and slightly chewy (in a good way). I loved the cheese, which had the deep flavor of goat cheese and was even crumbled than feta.For my main course, I ordered the Polvorosa de Pollo, which consisted of shredded chicken inside a flaky dough that was like a cross between puff pastry and a pie tart. To be honest, this dish underwhelmed me a bit. The chicken was a bit chewy (although it was shredded, so this didn't affect the texture significantly). The pastry was also smaller than I expected. I actually wish I ordered Empanadas or my own Arepa, as these seem like their specialty dishes. My friend ordered vegetarian Empanadas, and they looked delicious!To accompany our dinner, we got a pitcher of the red wine Sangria. Now, I am ordinarily not a red wine drinker (too dry and not sweet enough) and my knowledge of sangria is pretty much limited to the cheap Yellow Tail one. This Sangria was delicious!!! Sweet, but rounded out with that deep red wine flavor. We polished off the entire pitcher, which translated into about 2 glasses per person.To finish, we ordered both of their desserts (they only offer two options). The Quesillo is a creamy caramel custard. The caramel is quite light, and the custard texture was quite firm. It reminded me more of a firm tofu. I was much more impressed with the Torta Fluida, a molten chocolate lava cake. I repeats: CHOCOLATE. LAVA. CAKE. Yummmmmm!!!! If you can only try one of their desserts, and you like chocolate, get this! It was decadently chocolate and the center was like hot fudge. DELISH!In addition to the great food, my friends and I loved the decor and ambience. This would be a great date location. One of my friends is vegetarian, so the clear labeling of vegetarian options on the menu was also very helpful for her.Take note that they do not accept reservations, and all members of your party must be present in order for you to be seated. The restaurant did not fill up extremely quickly, though. My friends and I were seated right away, at around 7:00 PM on a Saturday night. However, by 7:30 or so, all tables were full.