At last, a latin restaurant pleasant enough to enjoy eating at with the family. Is it a 5 star restaurant? Certainly not without failings but when considering the narrow scope of Massachusetts latin restaurants-yes, this is the best ive found.

Location-Oh not the most scenic surroundings for sure. My innocent 8 yr old asked if this was a bad place. Careful with all the broken glass on your way in.

Atmosphere-Completely different world once you walk through the front door-charismatic, fun, casual and warm. A great job decorating and furnishing authentically. Wicker chairs, comfy wrap around booths, colorful walls and oil paintings. Windows, typically positively valued, are instead wisely covered with dark curtains to hide the harsh exterior world.

Food-I love Puerto Rican food. I dont want some Caribbean fusion- blasphamy!-no-i want traditional reminds me home and abuela food. While this is technically Dominican food its close enough. The best was the simplest, the garlic dipping sauce. The steak, appetizers and flan for dessert were also quite good. The rice was a bit mushy and the only glaring failing was the all important mofongo. Mofongo is actually a Puerto Rican derived dish and a staple for any restaurant the way chicken parm is for any italian establishment. You could almost judge how good the restaurant is by the quality of the mofongo. Perhaps its a dominican variant im not appreciating but it was simply not good. Dry, tasteless and hollow. The soft bacon encrusted reveals its stray from authenticity. Nonetheless i truly enjoyed my meal, so much so that my inability to stop eating, coupled with the huge portion size, made me overeat with extreme gluttony! I ate exactly once that day and surely it was enough for two weeks worth of deep fried joy.

Service-Wonderful. We were greeted warmly when we walked in. Speaking spanish is not required here but presumably it makes for a more friendly experience.

Odd-The bathroom was rather dirty which is a shame because it is beautifully tiled. It was also freezing in there requiring an electric floor heater. Shockingly this electric heater is under the sink-i was a bit scared to wash my hands!