Delicious! We had a group of 8 and all of us were pleased with our meal. We started with several apps. One was the special. Garlic shrimp  and it was amazing! The beef tips were also delicious. I had the saffron trout dish and was very pleased. My husband had the pork chop and it was out of this world. Huge portion, and the brine was sugary and delicious.  The salad special was beets, arugula and candied nuts. We were happy with everything.Great wine list, atmosphere and service.Among the seemingly endless pizza and pasta-promoting Italian eateries in the North End, Taranta offers something delectably different. Combining Italian and Peruvian flavors, this spot is a truly a unique dining experience in a pretty package.Salud! The drinks are definitely South American in nature, as many contain fruity elements of passion fruit as well as the Peruvian liquor of choice, pisco. I opted for the Cholopolitan, a sweet, fruity mix of juices, citrus, and pisco which was delicious and deceptively strong (as our helpful waiter was sure to mention upon bringing them).As for entrees, I opted for the Macadamia-crusted salmon, which was served over a risotto cake along with a berry sauce, fusing the traditional Italian rice staple with tropical elements. The salmon had a unique crunch to it, and the sweet, slightly acidic sauce added an interesting twist to the fish.The standout dish on our table was definitely the lamb gnocchi, however. The gnocchi was prepared with yucca instead of the usual potato, which led to a tender, somewhat chewy consistency. This was ideal for absorbing the absolutely phenomenal sauce and tender pieces of lamb in the ragu. The menu claimed it was a spicy dish, which I disagree with in terms of heat, but it definitely did not disappoint in terms of spices, as it boasted an outstanding flavor complexity. The texture of the entire dish was on point, and I found myself sneaking bites off my friend's plate all night.Let's culminate this cultural culinary combo with something sweet! I wanted something warm so was eyeing the chocolate souffle. However, our waiter steered us toward the Lucumisu (lacuma tiramisu) and the Guavannolis (guava and ricotta-stuffed cannolis with pistachios). These desserts combined traditionally Italian pastries with Peruvian ingredients. Both had outstanding flavor, and I enjoyed that they were fruity but not overpoweringly so. Although neither dessert was warm, a decaf cappuccino with milk poured in right at the table warmed me up and was the ideal accompaniment.Taranta isn't the cheapest option, but considering the location, experience, and flavors, I'd feel much better about shelling out dough here (and not of the pizza variety). Luckily I came with work so didn't need to pay myself, but I would definitely return for a special occasion or to impress someone who thinks they've tried it all. Spread the word... Italruvian/Perulian cuisine should definitely be a thing!