Orinoco is my one true love (okay, I have many true loves but Orinoco is the newest and hottest addition). My boyfriend and I loved it so much we actually visited two weeks in a row!Service was extremely quick the first time, as it wasn't that busy. My boyfriend ordered the Empanada Mechada and the Pernil arepa and I ordered the Pabellón Criollo. Let me start by saying that I don't love arepas--or at least, I thought I didn't. All the arepas I've had in the past have just been too... mushy? Too bland? A combination of those awful traits, that make me despise them with all my heart. I even tried talking my boyfriend out of ordering an arepa because I wanted something that I could happily share!To my surprise, the arepas at Orinoco are awesome! Super crispy and the meat is seasoned enough so that the breading is nice and flavorful. I was in love. The empanada honestly could have been a meal itself. The plate comes with two large halves and an amazing salad to boot. The empanada was thin and crunchy and Orinoco definitely did not skimp on the meat. Love, love, love it.The Pabellón Criollo was exactly what I wanted. The plantains were sweet and delicious and the beef was so juicy and delicious. I devoured it and it was definitely worth every cent of the $15!On our second trip to Orinoco, I tried the Pollo Adobo, which was also great. I expected smaller chunks of chicken though with rice (I guess I'm more used to something more Filipino), but was met with just a large piece of chicken. It was tender and well seasoned, but not exactly what I expected. My boyfriend ordered the Empanada Mechada again, and unfortunately they were out of arepas for the night, but we had the Mini Costillitas to share as well. The BBQ sauce for the ribs wasn't too sweet and the meat fell off the bones.Service was much slower the second time around as it was much busier. We sat outside the first time and unfortunately there were no open tables during our second visit, so we got a  table inside. The indoor space is small and you do feel a little closer to the tables next to you, but it was cozy and wonderful.Orinoco, you have my heart.