I regularly don't roam around Roxbury often because it's a catastrophic borough with constant appearances by life-threatening fiascoes.  I previously believed it was anticlimactic in terms of restaurant selections, but I was proven dead wrong.

I've been to a shitload of restaurants recently (most of which I take for granted) but Merengue is extraordinary and memorable to say the least.  It exemplifies why I cherish my latino heritage.  This vibrant joint acheives excellence so effortlessly.  Where else can I eat authentic Dominican dishes without having to fly to my country of origin?  At one of Boston's best of course!

Let's start with the decor.
Purely traditional!  Once I was inside, I felt as though I was in Santo Domingo, not the heart of ghettoville.  The bona fide architecture, which accurately resembles antique D.R. countryside houses (known as "Bohios") will leave many Boston-area Dominicans with their jaws dropped.

Now onto the service, which is borderline outstanding!  
Want to be provided with gratitude you can't get anywhere else?  Want to enter an environment where the employees are devoted to their occupation?  Go to Merengue and experience it yourself.

The food... ahh the food!  
Not overcooked into oblivion, divine and mouth-watering.  It's been proven to produce maximal satisfaction!  The menu is huge, so it may take you about 10 minutes to choose your entrée.  Oh, and did I mention it's affordable?  You can't go wrong with mofongo and a side of chicken broth & salad for $7.50.

The ambience is neutral; not too full, not too empty.  I recommend going at night between 7:00 & 10:00 if you wish for appropriate seating.  And while you're there, be sure to strike a conversation with my cousin Hector (the founder/owner) and his wife Nivia.  They are the definition of caring, kind and humble - unlike the majority of restaurant owners, who have a tendency to be arrogant and conceited.

Before you leave, check out the photo gallery in the hallway leading to the restrooms...  you'll be surprised to notice that everyboby from David Ortiz to Edward James Olmos have visited Merengue.  Pulitzer Prize-winning author Junot Díaz ("The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao"), who's good friends with cousin Hector frequently stops by as well.  
Don't bother asking me if I plan to go there again, 'cause you know damn well what my response will be!