Went here on a double date (4 of us) Saturday night and loved it.  I had low expectations going in, because Dominican food is not always very vegan friendly. I have heard though from friends (non-vegans) that this place is great so I knew the others in my party would eat well (just maybe not me?)  

We got there early - around 6:30pm so there was no wait as it wasn't too busy.  Each couple got the cassava with the garlic sauce.  It was ok, the garlic sauce is VERY garlicky.  I got the sangria which was delicious and really strong!  And it had REAL FRUIT in it, not just orange slices, yum!! One of the best in Boston for sure.  My friends got beer.

I talked to the server about what vegetarian and vegan options were available to me since there wasn't anything specifically labeled on the menu. She was very polite and super helpful.  I suggested doing a mix plate of sides:  the plantains (both sweet and green) are vegan, the rice and beans and coconut peas (mixed with rice is called Spanish Rice) are vegan (she said no butter and no chicken stock), the side salad with vinaigrette dressing (on table), and the eggplant appetizer (SO GOOD! you HAVE to get it).  The eggplant was the best by far, everyone tried it and loved it.  I don't really understand how you eat it though as an appetizer, because it reminds you of a Mediterranean or Indian dish but it doesn't come with bread or rice, so you feel like it lacks something to use to dip into the dish.  But as a part of your entree it was perfect.  She also said they could do a vegetarian and vegan mofongo as well.  You could get it made without the chicken stock and they would use the garlic sauce (no butter) over veggies. So when I come back I may try that, though that garlic sauce would be a little overwhelming if it was your entire entree.

My boyfriend and friends got meat dishes - chicken and pork? I think as well as the salads, plantains, and Spanish Rice sides. They all loved their meals.  My veggie platter was huge and provided leftovers the next day.

I was very impressed and would definitely recommend this to any of my meat eater and veggie friends!  I also like the decor of the place and make sure to look at all the famous people on the wall as you walk to the bathroom.