I really struggled with what to rate this addition to the up and coming Dorchester eatery scene.  I went in wanting to come out giving it 4 or 5 stars, but I just can't, not this time.  I am planning to GO BACK, so maybe the next visit, I'll be able to do an updated review and increase the stars.

We went for an early dinner yesterday during the Boston heatwave of 2011. The heat index was 102, and the restaurant had very little ac- WTH??? It was as hot inside (if not hotter) as it was outside. Unpleasantness!  Staff said it was because of the "open kitchen".  I could feel the ac lightly blowing, but if you're going to go with the open kitchen concept, you might need to invest in a REAL ac for the few very hot summer days that Boston does get.  It won't break the bank, because again, it doesn't stay hot here for long.

Anyway, we were the only diners the entire duration of our visit. Two neighborhood residents came in to say "hi", but that was it.

The chips and salsa that you get before dinner were nothing to write home about. Just average. We asked about the spicier salsa that another Yelper mentioned, but were told that there was only one.

I got the steak quesadillas plus spinach. ACK! The steak they use is that kind of mushy steak that resembles refried beans. The mush, errr meat, was marinated in some kind of sauce that was so tangy it made me pucker every time I took a bite. Fail.

We also had the haddock plate, which was a huge hit, but it was SMALL! Delicious.

Refried beans and rice were on point. Yummy. The shrimp salad as an appetizer was SUPERB, and we were pleased with the quantity, size, and grilling of the shrimp. Homeade Limeade rocks, but again, small amount, high price, and as expected- no refills.

We didn't get to try the desserts, but we will next time.

Our dinner bill for 2 was about $57.

Jury is definitely still out on this spot: SOME of the food is really good, some of it is awful, portions are small, prices are HIGH, service is EXCELLENT, staff/owner is wonderful, they are a welcomed addition to the neighborhood, there is NO ambiance (none), the tacky nautical stuff on the walls is just that- tacky, I'd like to see some Mexican art or other Mexican themed decoratives, and we want them (the business) to stick around. So......

Oh yeah, a real sign versus a paper hangar sign would help the outside appeal- might help bring more people in.

P.S. this is my personal theory on the whole take-out thing: they don't want to offer take out. They want a nice dine-in restaurant. It's small, so to have foot traffic coming in for take-out (which is what this area is accustomed to) would be distracting to diners. It would turn into a take-out Mexican food joint, and their prices are way too high to be sustainable as that kind of place. They'd fold quickly.