i am slightly biased toward this place because of the context in which i first experienced it. we were running late when i went and got there something like fifteen minutes before the kitchen closed, but the host let us in anyway because it was valentine's day - so cute! the interior was casual and very welcoming; light, colorful, and spacious.

so as not to hold things up, we sat down and ordered fast. per my peruvian boy's recommendation, we started with some anticuchos, beef hearts (!!), which i had never had before. i was half expecting to be served a whole heart on a plate and was relieved to see that these were simply sliced into what looked like steak tips. they were delicious! lots of flavor. we cleaned the whole plate discussing the idea of eating hearts on valentine's day - romantic or sadistic?

for entrees we shared two of his picks: lomo saltado, a mixture of tender steak, fresh tomato, purple onion, and a little cilantro heaped on top of a pile of french fries; and aji de gallina, a mysterious-looking dish of shredded chicken in a thick, bright yellow sauce, served with a nice little round serving of rice (topped with an olive - very peruvian). although i had no idea what was in the sauce or what flavors i was even tasting, i didn't care - i was sold immediately. the peruvian green sauce was another wonderfully ambiguous flavor - it managed to be spicy, creamy, fresh, all at the same time, not to mention a beautiful light green. i went crazy dipping the fries and everything else. i also had a very good peruvian beer and tasted some fluorescent yellow bubble-gum tasting inca cola. i couldn't stop eating even after i had proclaimed myself full. but the dishes were so huge that we really couldn't finish - even sharing we only ate about half of the food. it was perfect for leftovers with a bottle of wine the next day.

it was kind of a hike from fenway to this place (east boston - we took the blue line) but absolutely worth the trip. everything was delicious, service was so friendly and attentive, and we left full and happy. definitely coming back when i'm in boston!